Improve "Why choose Lucide over Feather" section in README.md (#868)
lucide-icons/lucide: README.md

### Why choose Lucide over Feather Icons

> - More icons to work with : Lucide has already expanded Feather by over 550 icons.

Reviewer: Nice catch, although I'd rather go with something more vague, so that we don't have to update this over and over and over again. :)
```suggestion
- More icons to work with: Lucide already has many times the icons Feather does.
```

Author: maybe change "the icons" to "the amount of icons"

Author: Or maybe, simpler : Lucide already has hundreds of icons more than Feather.

Reviewer: > Or maybe, simpler : Lucide already has hundreds of icons more than Feather does.

Nice one, I like that, updated the suggestion accordingly.

Author: Comitted.
